# PokerBot
Youtube Link: https://youtu.be/7bzHgUyDJqE

# The Journey

Wow, this was a very demanding assignment and I had no idea what I was getting myself into. I have heard about discord bots in the past and thought they were a fun way to add a little bit of utility to a server. I decided that that would be a fun thing to look into as I've been using discord for a long time now and its a great way to personalize the assignment to myself. I decided to further personalize the assignment by basing my bot around a game I found myself playing a lot. Then I realized you can't program pool in discord. So I decided to settle for poker, another game I found myself playing often.

That was pretty much the end of the fun for me. I would have never imagine what a task it would've been to use the discord API especially in python. discord.py is apparently 'updated' very frequently. I say 'updated' because it is honestly more accurate to say reworked. It is changed so drastically that there is currently no in depth guide on youtube for the discord API as they are all outdated. I can't even use videos as young as 6 months old because the API is completely different now. I was watching a series from 3 months ago that was up to date, however it was only 3 videos long and it seems the creator had abandoned the series. It only helped me with some of the grounwork (permissions of the bot, certain commands, how to setup slash commands, initializing intents, etc.). 

It's funny because you would assume doing something as simple as sending a message from the bot would be one of the first things you learn. However, that was pretty much the exact step I was stuck on for days just trying to figure out. Dispite all of that, this assignment was far from just a simple failure from me, I actually ended up learning a lot. This was my first time using VSCode which is the industry standard for programming in and I was happy to begin learning it. This was also my first time interacting with an API and learning it's special intricacies. I also learned more about python itself, the biggest one being classes and how important they are when programming complex environments. It was cool to see my code actually operating in something mainstream instead of a niche and arbitrary problem created for an exam or something and seeing it come to life and having true applications. Even though this assignment had made me extremely frustrated I learned and grew from it in a way I think is almost impossible to replicate in a regular and very structured classroom setting. Doing a project like this challenged me a lot and forced me to hunt down information and resources like a dog to find my way through a foreign API and program a complex game. Failure is truly the best tool for learning.

